Okta JWT Validation + Signing Third Party Licenses and Notices

This document contains third party open source licenses and notices for the 
Okta JWT Validation + Signing product. Certain licenses and notices may appear 
in other parts of the product in accordance with the applicable license requirements.

The Okta product that this document references does not necessarily use all the 
open source software packages referred to below and may also only use portions 
of a given package.

Third Party Notices

JSONWebToken
Version (if any): 1.0.0
Brief Description: Swift library for decoding, validating, signing and verifying JWT.
License: MIT

Copyright 2015 Kreactive

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of 
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in 
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to 
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies 
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do 
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all 
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, 
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE 
SOFTWARE.


Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability

Disclaimer. OKTA AND ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL (AND HAVE NOT AUTHORIZED 
ANYONE TO MAKE ANY) WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO 
OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE.  THE PARTIES ARE NOT RELYING AND HAVE NOT RELIED ON ANY 
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER REGARDING OKTA AND OKTA MAKES NO 
WARRANTY REGARDING ANY THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE.

Limitation of Liability. OKTA AND ITS SUPPLIERS, SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR 
LIABLE UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY ARISING 
OUT OF OR RELATED TO OPEN SOURCE SOFWARE (A) FOR ERROR OR INTERRUPTION OF USE, 
LOSS OR INACCURACY OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, (B) FOR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF 
SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES, RIGHTS, OR TECHNOLOGY, (C) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR 
REVENUES, OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE 
DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT A OKTA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH 
DAMAGE.
IN NO EVENT WILL OKTA NOR ITS SUPPLIERâ€™S AGGREGATE AND CUMULATIVE LIABILITY FOR 
ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE EXCEED ONE HUNDRED 
DOLLARS ($100).

GPL Licensed Software

If applicable and to the extent any open source components are licensed under 
the GPL and/or LGPL, or other similar license that require the source code 
and/or modifications to source code to be made available (as noted above), a 
copy of the source code corresponding to the binaries for such open source 
components and modifications thereto, if any, may be obtained by downloading 
the source code by sending a request, with your name and address to: Okta, 
Inc., 301 Brannan Street, Suite 100, San Francisco, CA 94107. All open source 
requests should clearly specify: OPEN SOURCE REQUEST, Attention General Counsel 
and the name of the requested component and Okta product. Okta will mail a copy 
of the source code to you on a CD or equivalent physical medium. This offer to 
obtain a copy of the source code is valid for three (3) years from the date you 
acquired this Okta product. Alternatively, the open source may accompany the 
Okta product.